Venue has room
Room is in venue
Meeting programs are in room
Meeting is in Venue

RULES:
Meetings cannot overlap in Venue

Overlap:

Venue GreatVenue
Meeting Awesome is in GreatVenue at Noon til 2PM
Meeting BetterOne in GreatVenue at Noon til 5PM

3 most important things:

1. Rules 
2. Behaviour
3. Information

Behaviours:
- organizers should be able too book venue for meetings

Information:
- Meeting details? - meeting duration
- Venue availability


How close conceptually are Meetings and Venues?
How close different concepts in the problem space are?


what happens when the meeting is rescheduled?

TODO: next week

TRY!! (Yoda wouldn't like this...) to reschedule the meeting

pros & cons of different approaches


TODO: Questions:
    1. where do Meetings come from? How is the system expected to work? Context: Is Meeting as such external to the 
    Venue? i.e. do we need to support Meeting relocating as well as rescheduling? I'm guessing at some point probably 
    yes, but does it affect the design right now? Is it too soon to think of it now?
    2. at this point, we have a lot going on - creating meetings, rescheduling them, booking venues, rescheduling in 
    respect to the venue, and possibly relocating as well. A good part of this evolved and came to be over time. How 
    likely are we to come up with this design (or something very similar to it) if we knew all of the currently know 
    requirements at the project start? If all the exercise documents 1-6 and additional ones were one SRS document, would we have come to 
    this design? Or would it change the way we think and possibly assign responsibility to some of our objects?
    3. if this were all in one SRS, and multiple people were tasked to work on this project, how would we organize work?
     Most likely developers would recognize different objects / concepts involved in this - meeting, scheduling, venue, 
     etc, divide the tasks among themselves and start working on them individually. That would probably lead to a design
     that's very different than the one we came up with. 
    4. Modelling exercise - estudent Project & it's navigation items
